# AAAI24 Data Analysis

This project contains several Jupyter notebooks for analyzing data from the AAAI24 experiments and generating figures for publication.

## Dependencies

You will need Python 3 to run the notebooks. Install the required Python packages with:

```shell
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

On your system you may need to use `pip3` instead.

## Viewing the notebooks

To run the notebooks, start Jupyter with:

```shell
cd ITLAgent-LogProcessingScripts
jupyter lab
```

Your internet browser will open to the Jupyter interface, where you'll see the list of available notebooks.

You can also simply open the project in VSCode or another editor that supports Jupyter Notebooks.

You need to set the `BASE_DIR` variable in the first cell of each notebook in order to run them successfully. This should be the absolute path to your local copy of this repository. For example, if you cloned this repository to `~/Documents/ITLAgent-LogProcessingScripts`, then you would set `BASE_DIR` to `/Users/yourname/Documents/ITLAgent-LogProcessingScripts`.

## Data layout

Data for the tidy-kitchen task is in `TidyKitchenTask`. Data for the store-groceries task is in `GroceryTask`, and data for the organize-office task is in `OfficeTask`.

Each task folder contains a `raw_data` folder, where the outpus of the ITL agent for the given task are placed for analysis. The `output` folder contains the figures and data generated by the notebooks.

## Generating figures

Simply run the following notebooks to generate the figures:

* DialogProcessing-VerificationAnalysis-NewTasks.ipynb
* TokenAnalysis_AllConditions.ipynb
* ViabilityAnalysis_AllConditions_New.ipynb

Each notebook only generates figures for one task at a time. To choose the task to generate figures for, change the `experiment_name` variable at the top of the notebook. This variable must match the name of the directory where the ITL agent output is stored (see above section).

Some of the notebooks you may need to run twice to get rid of errors (some variables are declared in later cells but used in earlier ones).
